README.md, before:

# Maven archetype to generate a new client extension for Eclipse Che
This utility will generate a Che plug-in that adds a menu and a basic action to Che.

This follows the tutorial that is provided at http://eclipse.org/che.

# License
This project is licensed as EPL 1.0.

# Clone & build the archetype
    git clone https://github.com/stour/client-extension-archetype
    mvn clean install

# Use the archetype to generate a new plug-in
    mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeCatalog=local
Choose `local -> tutorial:che-project-type-archetype (che-project-type-archetype)`.   
You will then be asked for `groupId`, `artifactId`, `version`, `package` and `yourPrefix` for your plug-in.
Value of `yourPrefix` will be used as a prefix to name the files of your new plug-in. This property needs to be a value that can generate valid Java classes.

# Compile your new plug-in
    cd {your_plugin_name}
    mvn clean install

# Add your plug-in to Che
1. [Copy the JAR](https://eclipse-che.readme.io/v1.0/docs/plug-ins#add-plug-in-by-copying-jar-file) to Che , or:
2. [Reference the JAR] (https://eclipse-che.readme.io/v1.0/docs/plug-ins#add-plug-in-by-referencing-jar-file)

If you reference the JAR, the artifactId, groupId, and version properties provided must be the values used when updating the Che pom.xml.

Commit message:

add command with non interactive mode

README.md, after:

# Maven archetype to generate a new client extension for Eclipse Che
This utility will generate a Che plug-in that adds a menu and a basic action to Che.

This follows the tutorial that is provided at http://eclipse.org/che.

# License
This project is licensed as EPL 1.0.

# Clone & build the archetype
    git clone https://github.com/stour/client-extension-archetype
    mvn clean install

# Use the archetype to generate a new plug-in
    mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeCatalog=local -DarchetypeGroupId=tutorial -DarchetypeArtifactId=che-client-extension-archetype -DinteractiveMode=false
This will generate a new plugin using default values for `groupId`, `artifactId`, `version`, `package` and `yourPrefix`.
Value of `yourPrefix` will be used as a prefix to name the files of your new plug-in. This property needs to be a value that can generate valid Java classes.
If you want to choose your own values for these properties simply execute the same command in interactive mode.

# Compile your new plug-in
    cd {your_plugin_name}
    mvn clean install

# Add your plug-in to Che
1. [Copy the JAR](https://eclipse-che.readme.io/v1.0/docs/plug-ins#add-plug-in-by-copying-jar-file) to Che , or:
2. [Reference the JAR] (https://eclipse-che.readme.io/v1.0/docs/plug-ins#add-plug-in-by-referencing-jar-file)

If you reference the JAR, the artifactId, groupId, and version properties provided must be the values used when updating the Che pom.xml.
